[Music]
[Applause]
on November 8th 1965 a 52 year old woman
was found dead in her Manhattan
townhouse between the time her body was
discovered in about six hours later
FBI agents swarmed that townhouse and
took all of her documents all of her
files everything they could find quickly
an autopsy was performed with the
conclusion that this woman died of a
combination of barbiturates and alcohol
circumstances undetermined
despite that confusing message there was
no investigation none of her colleagues
none of her people that knew her none of
her family nobody that knew this
particular woman stood up for her and
said that's not what would have happened
here more than 10,000 people went to her
funeral weeping over the loss and this
woman was buried and for 55 years almost
55 years she was ignored she disappeared
that is until now
the name of that woman was Dorothea Mae
Kilgallen and as you will learn she was
murdered and for 53 years she has been
denied the dust the justice she deserves
time now for everybody's favorite game
[Music]
[Applause]
okay how many people remember Dorothy
Kilgallen from What's My Line there must
be somebody out there who doesn't well
you know that's exactly where I stood
that's all I knew about her that's all I
knew about her what's my line well now
I've written two books about her the
reporter who knew too much and denial of
justice let me explain - this is my
fourth book about the assassinations the
first one had to do with this guy Melvin
belli how many of you remember Melvin
belli
all right well I knew it stabbed Li in
the 1980s in San Francisco I practice
law in his building I got to knowing
quite a character
as you know he represented Jack Ruby and
when Belle I died in 1996 I decided to
write a biography of him because I
looked at two autobiographies he had
written and they conflicted now think
about that a minute but that was Belle I
what was most interesting to me was
Belle eyes representation of Jack Ruby I
never bought that psychomotor epilepsy
insanity defense for God's sakes have
made no sense and you're gonna hear more
about that tonight because it didn't
make any sense but more than that -
about Bell eyes affiliation with the
Mafia love the Mafia one guy told me in
the Mafia loved him his main client was
Mickey Cohen who was a Los Angeles
gangster he loved to be around them and
have people think that he was a mobster
so I finished that book and while I was
looking at that I'm a former criminal
defense lawyer and I've analyzed cases
on television and so on and so forth and
I always looked at motive and always
wondered about his representation of
Jack Ruby and what that had to do with
the 1960 election when Joe Kennedy
double-crossed those mafioso who had
helped them win the presidency Joe told
them hey you helped us win Illinois and
West Virginia
and we'll leave you alone right away
what he did
he appointed Bobby Kennedy Attorney
General and Bobby Kennedy what after
those guys didn't they well I wrote a
book called the poisoned patriarchy how
the betrayals of Joseph P Kennedy caused
the assassination of JFK and I looked at
the assassination I believe differently
than anybody ever did I looked at why
Bobby Kennedy wasn't killed instead of
why Jack Kennedy was that changes
everything
bill Alexander who prosecuted Jack Ruby
when I interviewed him said to me well
you know Bobby Kennedy had a lot more
enemies than Jack did so I looked at it
that way I wrote about Joe and I did all
that and I was done well I just have
read three biographies this year
Michelangelo Leonardo da Vinci and
Einstein I hope by reading those I would
get a lot smarter but what I found out
in there this each of those three men
had one thing in common
curiosity and I believe through writing
all of my books and what I've done in my
life I'm a curious person well while I
was interviewing people for the Jack
Ruby excuse me the Melvin belli book I
ran into a doctor in San Diego and I
started talking to him about bail I and
he gave me some good facts and things
and then he said you know mark by the
way he knew Dorothy Kilgallen and I said
well what he was on What's My Line he
said no you don't know anything about
her Dorothy Kilgallen yes she was on
what's my line she was the smart one on
the end down there who guessed the
occupations of people more than anybody
else right but also she was syndicated
in 200 newspapers across the country the
Hearst chain voice of Broadway articles
everything and this is actually back
when remember when they hexley read a
newspaper
she had a radio show with her husband
listen to buy 1 million people a day in
New York and she covered as an
investigative reporter some of the most
famous trials of the 19 of the 20th
century Lindbergh baby kidnapping case
alright dr. Sam Sheppard I'm gonna show
you a photograph of Dorothy in the court
room at the dr. Sam Sheppard case and he
said the Jack Ruby trial
well that really kept in my mind I kept
thinking about that and I decided that I
would start to look into Dorothy
Kilgallen and see what I could find and
I'm gonna take you tonight on the same
journey that I took to learn about
Dorothy ascending from a college dropout
to what the New York Post called the
most powerful female voice in America
that Ernest Hemingway said was the
greatest female writer in the world it's
a great inspiring story and I'm pleased
to say that the reporter who knew too
much has become a best-seller gonna make
a film out of it it looks like and all
of that and people around the world I've
heard from who are inspired by this
woman's story it's an amazing one but
let's look at what's my line okay well
I'm sure you can all name who's there
Bennett Cerf Arlene Francis right and
the host was John Daly of course well
you know she she was kind of the hard
edge one wasn't she I don't know if she
would your favorite or not I don't
remember watching it too much but it was
an intellectual quiz show kind of wish
we had something like that today but
Dorothy was smart and she would guess
the occupations of people more than
anybody else
so I started looking into more into
Dorothy and the evidence tonight some of
it will be evidence that's never been
presented before so her sir
here's her her column the voice of
Broadway I don't know if you ever read
it it was mostly you know as I say in
those those local newspapers in the
cities across the country well she was a
Pulitzer Prize nominated writer and if I
could write even half as well as Dorothy
Kilgallen did I'd have 25 bestsellers if
you get a chance go to the Dorothy
Kilgallen story org look at her columns
she wrote that we'll talk about
you'll read some of her writings in both
denial of justice and the reporter who
knew too much what a gifted wordsmith
and you're going to hear some of that
especially when she describes Jack Ruby
all right voice of Broadway and
everything 35 year career
called the most foul most powerful
female voice in America
all right here's Dorothy at the Shepherd
trial this might be my favorite photo
graph of Dorothy look at that Dorothy
right in the middle all the call the
columnist saw Lea newspaper people all
circulated around her you can almost see
the respect there for her Dorothy had it
was a woman of integrity she went after
the facts she didn't have a conclusion
and then Thicke fit the facts to that
she came up with the facts and that had
a conclusion unlike what we see today
how many people from around the world
Iceland Australia a soldier in Iraq
other people have emailed me since the
books have been published and said I
wish we had a reporter like Dorothy
Kilgallen today
God willing I wish we did too so she
covered that trial if you don't remember
dr. Sam Shepard was supposed to have
killed his wife
there was a one-armed man remember what
movie did it become the fugitive of
course now when JFK died she became
obsessed with that case now why would
that why did that happen
well first of all she was a very good
friend of JFK's he had been to her home
and played charades she saw him at the
Stork Club when he was a senator they
became very good friends and she just
leaped when he was killed
but the real topper was this this is
Dorothy's youngest son Carrie and you
can imagine how a mother would feel when
the president of United States permits
you to come to the White House and while
you're there Prieta Pierre Salinger sets
up a meeting between the president of
States and little Carrie and he makes a
fuss over Carrie he tells him look
Carrie says I brought letters from my
third grade class and JFK makes a fuss
over those it gives him a pt-109 pin
just makes a real fuss over him and so
when when Dorothy tried to describe what
had happened when JFK was dead this is
what she wrote the picture that stays in
my mind is one of this tall young man
bending over a small boy carefully
scrutinizing envelopes until he came to
the name Carrie grade 3b
this is the man who was assassinated in
Dallas you see her interest in the JFK
assassination wasn't business it was
personal she was a she was just an
absolute Bulldog when it came to cases
searching for the truth always looking
for the truth
that's who Dorothea was so I began
looking into her investigation of the
JFK assassination and what did I find
yes she spent 18 months and here's why
and I'm gonna talk about a few books
later and not a very nice way here's why
she's the most credible reporter to have
ever investigated that JFK assassination
she's unlike all of these fancy authors
or self-styled experts or whatever you
know why because she was there in the
front row at the Jack Ruby trial she
listened to the witnesses she watched
them all right firsthand
eyewitness I'm very proud of the fact
that my books don't speculate I find
primary sources not what somebody said
to somebody who really witnessed what
happened so the first one that I found
in fact I didn't have this in a reporter
too much and then I found it fortunately
for denial of justice this is the column
called Ruby stars at last and right away
here I hope you'll be as impressed with
her writing as I am she was describing
seeing him the hustler in the black suit
and the very white shirt neat and
nervous is the star of the show at last
Ruby stars at last if he died tomorrow
and he won't he would die happy in the
knowledge that he had made the big time
yet little more than a half hour later
the defendant bounced back quietly into
the courtroom lightly like a dancer
under clumsy guard well you feel like
you're right there don't you that you
can see him I was standing by the bar
railing as he turned to take his seat
and he broke into a quick smile gave me
a friendly bird-like nod and said hello
brightly then everything quieted down as
Judge Joe B Brown returned to the bench
Jack Ruby came just ahead in the crowd
up front a
bald heads shadowed by a few pen strokes
of black hair Jack Ruby described by
Dorothy Kilgallen who was just a few
feet away from him during that trial so
what a Dorothy do well she started
looking into the facts and I will tell
you right now she was not interested in
Lee Harvey Oswald he's a dead end
he's been a dead end for 50 some years
and yet there are those people who will
continue to perpetuate this ludicrous
Oswald alone theory well Dorothy didn't
buy it she looked at the one person that
she could investigate and where she
would find the truth and who was that it
was Jack Ruby first thing she did was
ingratiate herself with Melvin belli Jo
Tana hill and the defense team she had
dinner with Bell eye and and Tana Hill
and you're gonna see proof of the fact
that she did as much as she could to
learn everything from them so then
Dorothy began to do what she needed to
do six days seven days I'm sorry after
JFK was killed she wrote the first of
scathing columns that would end up
causing her death in 1965 all the
enemies looked at these columns Dorothy
Kilgallen wasn't going for this Oswald
alone theory stuff she was doing her own
investigation and what's the name of her
first column the Oswald file must not
close President Lyndon Johnson has bail
evaded so swiftly to his high post that
in one sense he has been snatched up
into an ivory tower he is no longer in a
position to hear the voice of ordinary
people like me talking care candidly and
if he could walk invisible along the
streets of the nation and listen to
ordinary people talking he would soon
realize he must be sure that the mystery
of Lee Harvey Oswald is solve and lay
before the nation down to the smallest
shred of evidence is if Oswald is
President Kennedy's lone assassin he is
the most important prisoner this country
has had in 100 years and no life
announcement in Dallas is going to
satisfy the American public
that the case is closed and then listen
to this
the case is closed well it is it well
I'd like to know in a big smart town
like Dallas a man like Jack Ruby the
owner of a striptease honky-tonk can
stroll in and out of police headquarters
as if it was a health club at a time
when a small army of law and forces is
keeping a tight security guard guard on
Oswald's security what a word for it
Dorothy on the job going against the
grain driving the one with the wrong way
on a one-way street because everybody is
doing what hears J Edgar Hoover shouting
Oswald Oswald Oswald Oswald alone to the
world and everybody bought it
brainwashed everybody and they missed
the truth Dorothy didn't she didn't buy
it
another column da to link Ruby to Oswald
right away she knew that ruby was the
key Ruby shot Oswald we got a look at
Ruby and she talked about that in here
mark Lane called her the only serious
invested only serious Journal
investigating the JFK assassination
enemies circling watching what she's
writing now we have this information we
have of course Ruby's shooting Oswald
what did she do when that had happened
Dorothy Kilgallen arrived in court
yesterday and stopped the show Joby
brown one of her fans gallantly granted
an interview in his chambers Bell eye of
San Francisco and Jo Tannehill took her
to lunch at a nearby seafood house named
Vincent's whose oysters bell I declare
to the best the side of Fisherman's
Wharf what a Northey right in that
column and an X column
I don't see why Dallas should feel
guilty for what one man or even 3 or 5
in a conspiracy had done she was already
looking in to the fact that one man
didn't do this and she knew also she
wrote a column and this is something
something that a lot of people have
missed years later just Curie wrote a
little autobiographical magazine well
she interviewed just
Jesse Curry and in here you know what it
says guess where he sent the officers
first when JFK was killed not to the
Book Depository not to the grassy knoll
but where the overpass he sent him there
it's in here it's in his words Dorothy
wrote a column about that J Edgar Hoover
then and I have the FBI file
he had the column he was watching what
she was doing and you see written on it
in his handwriting wrong and capitalized
wrong wrong wrong you know what was
Dorothy was doing and he was one of the
first enemies that she really had all
right now all these authors you know boy
I'm gonna talk about their books in a
little while but you know they don't
even think Dorothy Kilgallen was at the
Ruby trial and they certainly don't
think that she interviewed Ruby well
first of all here's a photograph who's
that
that's Belle ayan and Dorothy isn't it
pretty good proof that she was at the
trial wouldn't you say all right let's
look at the next one when in fact let's
look at this video if there's any proof
that you need with regard to Dorothy
Kilgallen being at the Ruby trial and
being involved heavily in this watch
this
we decided we didn't want those who saw
it I think they saw some suckers
important things now prospectively here
in Dallas and away from Dallas when we
are moved we may have to take some who
have seen if they're on TV not because
they're qualified but because eventually
we want to get to trial but we're not
going to go to trial here must were
forced to drive with witnesses who saw
this on TV
[Music]
six months in the county
that you might get a transplant in
Chicago on you
that but was that McGarry happened
you won that with the one with talent
for college people being disbarred or a
leopard coat in America she was a sharp
dresser wasn't she there she is okay now
you know uh four hundred reporters at
that trial how many of them interviewed
jack ruby won twice in the books I have
a photograph of the ruby trial court
room and there's a railing between the
spectators media and the council tables
right behind there Jack Ruby was
interviewed by Dorothy Kilgallen twice
and he wants some proof for that well
I'll give you some proof here's Joe
Tannehill explaining about the interview
that was permitted by Dorothy
he was another a nonsense because this
interview with her was a very
significant point in his classless life
you know and I think he would enjoyed it
very much and cooperated with her in
every way that he could and told her the
truth is he understood it and and it was
just a a very agreeable conversation
between them and I just I just can't
understand people doubting the sincerity
of that interview because it was to me I
watched him and it was a very sincere
discussion going back and forth that's
history in it that's history all these
videos there's more than 50 of them are
up on the Dorothy Kilgallen story org
that's all shown in in both of the books
where you can go look at those for
yourself what I like to do is present
the facts for people and let them make
up their own mind look at these things
that's history she was there and I'll
tell you how many authors in a little
while say she never even was at the
trial or interviewed ruby so she wrote a
column on it nervous ruby near breaking
point and again the prose is amazing
Jack Ruby's eyes were as shiny brown and
white bright as the glass eyes of a doll
he tried to smile but his smile was a
failure when we shook hands his hands
trembled in mine ever so slightly like
the heartbeat of a bird I'm nervous and
worried he told her I feel I'm on the
verge of something I don't understand
the breaking point maybe when Kilgallon
told Ruby I think you're holding up
pretty well he said I'm fooling you
Dorothy I'm really scared
she wrote I went out of the almost empty
lunchroom corridor wondering what I
really believed about this man now
you're probably wondering yeah what did
Ruby tell her I wish I could tell you
because when Dorothy Kilgallen died her
files her documents everything
disappeared they've never been found I
think I know where they are and I'm
gonna keep after it I'm gonna find that
file if it's the last thing I do
but we don't know what he told her the
only thing we do know is shortly
thereafter she didn't go to Washington
DC to look into the government there
anything she didn't stay in Dallas
looking into LBJ she didn't go to Cuba
looking at the rut the Cubans or Russia
where'd she go she went to New Orleans
she went to New Orleans because carlos
marcello one of the most dangerous
mafioso in the in the country the one
with the greatest motive to have killed
Jack Kennedy
so Bobby Kennedy was powerless which is
exactly what happened that's where he
was and you'll hear about that a little
bit later okay
so then what did Dorothy do you know
about the when the Pentagon Papers were
released or than Nixon videotapes or
anything well Dorothy had a hand in what
some sort of same sort of thing she
exposed Jack Ruby's testimony before the
Warren Commission before it was supposed
to be released now that's a big deal if
you can imagine on the front pages of
the paper outcry over Ruby leak brings a
federal probe Dorothy had integrity and
that integrity connected with people
trusting her with information nobody
else got I don't know if we've got
anybody like that today we don't have a
Walter Cronkite or anybody else like
that today and news that I know of or
somebody like Dorothy they all trusted
her with material they knew she keep her
mouth shut and in this situation she did
because j edgar Hoover was absolutely
furious when this obviously appeared in
the newspapers before it was supposed to
be released he quickly dispatched these
agents now I'd like to give you this
visual I kind of look at it like these
two great they probably weren't but
great big beefy FBI agents go over to
Dorothy's you know million-dollar
townhouse and here's a little short
Dorothy and they sit her on one of her
expensive couches and they grill her for
hours where did you get this material
where'd you get this material I love to
think about that image well they weren't
successful because I was fortunate to
find in the National Archives a memo
from Hoover to the Warren Commission
describing for the council there the
fact that they had tried to get the
sources and what he had to say was
Dorothy refused to reveal the source
said it was a responsible person who had
a legal right to the transcript she was
the only person who knew the identity of
the source and if you want one comment
for her that describes the integrity of
this woman it is this one that she was
the only person who do the identity of
the source and she would die rather than
reveal his identity
imagine that you had your Hoover's a
little upset with that of course he was
the enemies are circling okay now we get
it one more column here maybe you didn't
know from what I have read I would be
inclined at the FBI might be more
profitably employed in probing the facts
of the case than rather than how I got
them which seems as a waste of time to
me at any rate the whole thing smells a
bit fishy it's a mite too simple that a
chap kills the president United States
escapes from that bother kills a
policeman eventually is apprehended in a
movie theater under circumstances that
defy every law of police procedure and
subsequently is murdered under
extraordinary circumstances she didn't
buy all that she didn't buy that Oswald
alone stuff she didn't buy what
everybody was saying her to sing happen
at that time and then of course with
regard to the Warren Commission I'll
talk about it in a minute the Warren
Commission report she summed it up in
one one word laughable that's what she
thought of it and she was right so in
her state on Ruby's State of Mind she
she talked about you know what he had
what he had gone through and we'll talk
about that a little bit later so with
all this research in mind I went ahead
and tried to see if I could find some
eyewitnesses some primary sources who
knew Dorothy and I was very fortunate to
find the fact that videotaped interviews
with four people had been possible you
already saw one of them that was Jo
Tannehill her two hairdressers her best
friends Mark Sinclair and Charles
Simpson
and a woman who was the last on the last
what's my line show with Dorothea and
with these video and month the videos in
mind then we can kind of get an idea of
what Dorothea was going through you
almost can hear the drumbeat of the fact
that all these enemies are circling
Marcello she he's gone too
she's gone to New Orleans to look for
him look at what he's doing you've got
Hoover you've got other people are
looking and what's going on and
obviously as I say she's going against
the grain well let's see what we can
figure out exactly what was going on her
mind going on in her mind
so let's start with Mark Sinclair he was
a very very close friend of hers her
hairdresser she trusted him with
everything and this is what he had to
say about her talking about you know
they all knew that she was investigating
the JFK assassination alright he
actually went to New Orleans with her by
the way and while they were there and
she was putting together what she
believed would work by the way she was
working on a book for Random House as
she was going to publish at the end of
1965 just after I mean two months after
she actually died in November and in
that she was going to put all of her
facts conclusions evidence and
everything in there and Sinclair went
with her to New Orleans to tie things up
and she immediately sent him right back
to New York and said don't ever tell
anybody you were here go back there now
and don't ask me any questions then he
also then talks about here what she's
what she said about what she was doing
her investigation
she wouldn't stop on him pre-warn
exclusive yes she had it all and she
told me all about this and she told
Donna was there too so I mean he knew we
knew what she was doing at this time she
said that this would be the case of a
lifetime a story of a lifetime that she
would prove that the president was
assassinated who assassinated the
president case of a lifetime gonna prove
who killed the president
how about Dorothea state of mind with
regard to this I mean she wasn't a dummy
she had to know that the enemies were
circling all right she was a smart woman
let's hear what mark says about that
around this time you used to get it
ready for what's my line show and you
said would sometimes play the game of
what's my line yeah I saw where you
would pretend to be a contestant like we
would play the game down out was there
and we would play the game around her
while you were playing the game once did
she ever say something out of the blue
about threats of her life yes she told
me that this is a couple of weeks before
she died or maybe three or four weeks
before she died I'm not sure the time
anymore but she told me she was going to
get a gun because her life was being
threatened and she was scared for her
life and for her family gonna get a gun
scared for her life scared for her
family gives you a chill almost she told
other people yes I'm gonna break the
real story and have the biggest scope
scoop of the century and one of
Dorothy's problems with this and one of
the things that led to her Dave death
was that she was a blabbermouth she told
everybody what she was doing she made
comments like that in public
and again these enemies are out there
Hoover who wants to just bundle up the
thing and and have a go away marcello
other people who you know could have
could have been exposed in her book for
random house so let's also get then
the opinion of another hairdresser and
that's Charles Simpson let's see what he
has to say about Dorothy's last days
this is Charles Simpson did you have the
feeling that she was investigating the
murder case of Jack Ruby killing Oswald
and Oswald killing Kennedy was she
digging into that she never rung quit
she never quit she dug up something she
dug up something about the assassination
of President Kennedy that somebody
didn't want her to know because she even
told us of her own volition she said I
used to share things with you guys and
she said but after I have found out now
what I know she said the wrong people
knew what I know it would cost me in my
life I hope you can all hear that if the
wrong leave later knew what I know it
could cost me my life and then Charles
Simpson about the Warren Commission and
what she was doing she had a copy of the
Warren Commission testimony sometimes
she she printed it on she printed on the
front page of the journal American
before the president received it and
there analyzed the tale and then on we
were starved whose week marked myself
our phones were tapped they were trying
to find out where she got her
information from
that she could get this information
before the president got it
President Johnson now you know what's
easy to talk about this now because it's
so many years later but try to put
yourself in that situation that Dorothy
was in alright it's it's like today when
somebody knows something that nobody
else knows and they realized if they
expose it they're gonna be subject to
you know who knows what can happen but
Dorothy knew that she knew too much
she was the reporter who knew too much
and so she's scared people have asked me
you know did why didn't she take
measures yeah she bought a gun and all
that well she thought she was invincible
she was the biggest star of the time on
Broadway and across the country the most
powerful female voice in America she
didn't think anybody could touch her so
what she what was she doing at that
particular time because there's only
three ways that Dorothy could have died
she could have mitt it committed suicide
accidental death or what murder well
Dorothy was Catholic to begin with so
suicides a question mark plus she was on
top of the world she was planning a trip
to London she was working on the
tell-all a book for Random House she had
a movie deal for the book she had a
lunch plan for the Monday after she died
all of those things were happening and
Mark Sinclair if you saw a video said
she was just sparkling on the night she
went to What's My Line he helped her put
on a special dress he put some flowers
in her hair
all of that kind of thing and then if
you watched the last What's My Line show
and I'm pleased that an awful lot of
young people have have been inspired by
Dorothy and they watch her now on What's
My Line
if you get a chance go in there and take
a look at some of those what's my line
show the best one probably the funniest
is one with Groucho Marx that you would
enjoy but watch her last show now
remember the medical examiner says what
she died of a barbiturate and alcohol
right so I mean what happened that
evening was she groggy on What's My Line
did she show signs of some drug problem
or something like that
Joe Tannehill in an interview says he
was had lunch with her in New York about
a month I think before she died her
was sharp she was just in great spirits
and all this kind of thing okay well on
that last show you're gonna see once
again Dorothea guesses occupations like
none of the others could and one of them
was with Catherine stone that will
mention in just a minute but you can see
that so what does Dorothea do she is on
What's My Line
she leaves there and goes to a bar in
New York called PJ Clark's maybe you've
been there I've been there I've set
right next to where Dorothy sat on
November 7th 1965 right there she had
fun and then she met a mystery man
Dorothy Kilgallen in my books I miss
warts and all
okay Dorothy had a side to her that many
people would probably have problems with
her husband Richard was a Broadway
producer when she met him he fell on
hard times his creative abilities went
nowhere he ended up being an alcoholic
he ended up wandering around with other
women and Dorothy finally was lonely and
she ended up going out with a singer
that many of you may remember named
Johnny ray the little white cloud that
cried remember that song he was a known
homosexual well he wasn't a homosexual
he was obviously a heterosexual because
they had a torrid love affair to the
extent that I will tell you right now
that Dorothy's son Carrie and this was
something I had to really consider
whether to put in the books is not
Richard son it is John he is Johnny
Ray's son and I've been able to show
that and prove it because if you look at
pictures of young Carrie the one she
took to the White House I saw one on the
cover of Good Housekeeping back then
there on an article in Good Housekeeping
he has golden hair Richard had dark hair
Johnny ray had golden hair so she had an
illegitimate son Carrie
well Richard found out about that he
threatened to kill Johnny ray if they
kept up a relationship so there's
obviously motive for Richard to have
been involved in Dorothy's death and
he's one of the main suspect both books
are true crime murder mystery
I set up the fax for you I give you all
the suspects you know and you can make
up your own mind one of them's Frank
Sinatra I might add she and Frank
Sinatra hated each other
she wrote a scathing column about him
his bimbo girlfriends his affection for
the Mafia all of that so he struck back
and he called her the chin las' wonder
if you remember when Dorothy was on
What's My Line there may have been a
little absence of her skin she was not a
beautiful woman but she was an
attractive sparkling type of a woman
with her with her personality and all
that at one point in Las Vegas and his
act he held up a key and said that was
her figure he said if you run into
Dorothy Kilgallen do it with a car I
mean they did not like each other at all
so I put Frank Sinatra in the book as a
suspect you can make up your own mind as
to what may have happened there she also
had an affair with a guy named Ron
Pataki now before we get into him let me
tell you what I was able to do there had
never been an autopsy report published
about Dorothy's death well I couldn't
find one either and the New York medical
examiner's examiner's office wouldn't
give me one because what I'm not a
member of the family well my wife who's
head of cataloging at the Santa Clara
University library has a friend both of
us do at the Library of Congress we got
in touch with her because I just had
this feeling that maybe that autopsy
could be at the National Archives and
that's where we found it and so I
published it in the reporter who knew
too much and as I say said before I'm
not the greatest researcher who ever
lived
autopsy report can we put that up I'm
not the greatest you know investigative
reporter that ever lived but I looked at
this and remember what's the what's the
determination she died of a barbiturate
and alcohol
well barbiturate was supposed to be
Seconal which is sleeping pills right I
read down through here I found Toulon
all in there Toulon all is a step up in
terms of medication to help you sleep so
she had two barbituates in
her stomach and I'm trying to figure out
whether it's accidental death or a bird
or whatever it is all right so now we
got to barbituates in her stomach and
then I was able to find a witness on the
east coast whose father was with the
medical examiner's office who said that
three years after Dorothy died a
toxicologists there had kept some of her
bodily fluids hoping the technology
would help them analyze those specimens
and they found second all to Lenore and
phenobarbital three barbiturates in her
stomach
they also found a glass that had residue
of phenobarbital on it which meant that
it looked like Dorothy drank vodkas and
tonics and it looked like that they had
poured whoever decided to do away with
Dorothy those that powder into that
particular drink so that's what I was
able to determine about that and then I
tried to hook it up with all right how
could she have been poisoned and that
led me let's see yeah that led me to
this particular guy Ron Pataki will show
a picture of him in a minute but Ron
Pataki if I don't have it up there now
was show it in a minute Ron bataki was a
journalist in the Midwest much younger
than Dorothy 22 years younger and he
kind of latched on to her right as she
was investigating the JFK assassination
perhaps by accident perhaps by not they
had a torrid love affair according to
her he said they didn't but I pretty
much proved that that happened that that
had happened so on the night before she
died
she went to PJ Clark's and then she went
to the Regency Hotel and that's where
Catherine stone a witness who was on the
last What's My Line program Dorothy
guest her occupation as selling dynamite
saw Dorothy with a mystery man at the
Regency Hotel Bar now Potocki Dorothy
shared her JFK assassination
investigation evidence with him and we
believe that she thought and we've found
that through Mark Sinclair that he
thought she was leaking her information
to the wrong people and they had a
showdown that night at the Regency Hotel
bar we believe that and I'll give you
some more information about Pataki in a
minute that really shows exactly what
happened we believe that he either
poisoned her with barbiturates put into
her vodka and tonic tonic drink at the
bar or accompanied her home and did it
there again the facts are presented for
you and you can make up your own mind
but please put up the poem one of the
poems that he's written
I interviewed Ron Pataki three or four
times I told him I felt like he was the
main suspect in her death he made all
kinds of you know defenses against all
of that happening but I proved that you
know there was motive on his part
because she was going to expose him as
leaking her JFK assassination
information and there were other motives
as well so I was able to find on Ron's
website this poem although he wrote two
poems one of them was the first one that
I found was never trust a stiff at a
typewriter there's a way to quench a
gossips stench that never fails one
cannot write if zippered tight somebody
who's dead can tell no tales who does
that sound like he said it was just a
humorous poem if that was not bad enough
try this one
vodka Roulette scene as relief
possibility while I'm spilling my guts
she's driving me nuts please fetch us
two drinks on the run just keep all that
skip all the noise and make one of them
poison and don't even tell me which one
you know one of the things that you
worry about as a criminal defense lawyer
is if your client provides facts that
only the killer could know all right
those are facts only the killer killer
could know he didn't know anything about
how there wasn't anything publicized
about how Dorothy could had died proof
positive that obviously he was involved
some way in her death Ron Pataki
all right so then I'd written the
reporter who knew too much and I could
have quit right there but I decided to
write a second book because of three or
four reasons so reporter who knew too
much followed by denial of justice and
one of the things that happened as I was
writing this I always felt like kind of
Dorothy was guiding me now and I'll tell
you this and you may think I'm crazy I
kind of think she chose me to write her
story I'm not sure why if she did I'm
very honored that she did but every once
in a while I get this idea or something
it just felt like she was guiding me
along and this is I was able to through
I felt some guidance from Dorothy find
the daughter of Dorothy's Butler James
Clemente that's who this man is and my
wife and I went to New York City and we
were able to interview Barbara de Jordan
or Brenda Jordan the daughter and boy it
just opened the floodgates she could
tell us about the parties at Dorothy's
you know at the townhouse and Sammy
Davis jr. and Jayne Mansfield being
there and Jayne Mansfield taking off her
clothes and her father having to help
her put him back on I mean they're just
some great stories that she could tell
us she could tell us about how her
father took Dorothy's columns to the
journal American all kinds of things how
the the sari the butler and the and his
wife and the two children lived in the
townhouse so barber was a first-hand
witness to what went on there how they
were permitted to sit at the dinner
table with the other Kilgallon children
like part of the family and then she
gave us some really strong news she said
that Jill Dorothy's daughter had said to
her father my mother was killed we have
another witness who said that Jill said
that as well that they all knew that
Dorothy was working on the JFK
assassination that her father said be
careful stay away from Jack Ruby you
shouldn't be involved in all that but of
course she wouldn't listen so we learned
a lot from Barbara to Jordan as well as
you heard me say that FBI agents swarmed
Dorothy's townhouse the morning that she
died and took Oliver
documents that's from Barbara de Jordan
and she knows that happen in the new
book people ask me all the time where
the deaths of Marilyn Monroe and Dorothy
Kilgallen related well as you may know
the circumstances with with Kilgallen
dying in fact we should go back if we
may to when Mark Sinclair found Dorothy
Kilgallen s body if you'll bear with us
just a minute I need to be able to show
you that video if we could do that I'd
appreciate it in the meantime I'll talk
about yeah if you would Mark Sinclair 3
I'm sorry mark Sinclair is the one who
found Dorothy Kilgallen body these are
the the sad
this is the sad chronicle of that did
she tell you what her plans she was
going home afterward what obviously she
did because she went to the Regency do
you suspect that she got a phone call
after you left after I left I think she
got a phone call from somebody and she
agreed to meet whoever it was at the
Regency that's what that's my belief
because she wasn't going to Clarke's she
had asked me if I wanted to meet her
because she did not have anybody she was
going to meet with and she was not
dressing for a date date well she did
end up on the Clarkes briefly with
making bed not long but she wouldn't be
she might have done that and then gone
home but that wouldn't have been an
evening like she had why didn't you
accept her offer and go with her so I
was tired myself we did she had done
something every day that week and she
had more appointments for me the
following week and I didn't want to say
anymore I wanted to go home did she tell
you that she had a meeting at her son's
school yes on that that was Sunday I did
her hair before the show and she told me
to come the next morning before 9:00
I arrived at the house at 9:00 here's my
key I think was about 8:30 8:45 used my
key let myself in went upstairs and
Darlie was dead in her bedroom you went
to the third floor bedroom and she did
not sleep in that she did not sleep in
that room and when I entered Dorothy was
she was not in that room but the air
conditioning was on it was called out
that's the room what about that air
conditioning vent was that no that's the
dressing room oh no that's a heater
that's not an air conditioner this is
the air conditioner oh that's it
wouldn't work it would have been in that
position right in that same position and
it was blowing out in that room and I
was here and I the light was on and she
wasn't there so I turned on my curling
irons and I walked into the bedroom not
thinking that she would be there and she
was sitting up in bed and I walked over
to the bed and touched her and I knew
she was dead right away and how was the
bed made up the bed was spotless she was
dressed very peculiarly she was dressed
like I've never seen her before she
always dressed in pajamas and old socks
and her makeup was off and her hair was
off and everything was done she was
completely dressed like she was going
out the hair was in place the makeup was
on the false eyelashes were on the
matching pin wah and
rogue book laid out on the bed a drink
on the table the light was on the air
conditioning was on though you didn't
need an air conditioner you would have
had the heat on and she was always cold
and why she had the air conditioning on
oh I don't know possibly someone else
had turned it on well maybe to keep the
body at a certain temperature you know
was the glass on the bedside table
within her reach it was on the right
hand side no it was way away way over
and the book she it was turned upside
down it wasn't in the right position for
if you'd been reading laid it down and
it was laid down so perfectly you know
like that and one hand rigor mortis had
set in on one hand the right hand and it
had drawn up the curve it covers a
little bit and there was lipstick on
this sleeve of the bolero jacket and the
light was on and she was sitting up it's
even better that we brought it up right
here because I want to talk about
Marilyn's death as well but you heard
him say eyelashes makeup hairpiece on
clothes she never wore to bed not in the
bedroom she ever slept in book upside
down no reading glasses no nothing
that sound like a staged death scene to
you no investigation despite that they
took one look at an empty second doll
bottle and decided for whatever reason
the Emmy office at that time was
controlled by the Mafia by the way
that's in both books close the case up
be done with it
that's what they did no investigation so
that turns me to Marilyn and Dorothy's
death no investigation of Dorothy's
Marilyn's barely an investigation I will
tell you right now and one of the things
I'm working on if I if I write a third
book is this the Marilyn Monroe's death
was a dress rehearsal for how they
killed Dorothy a lot of similarities
there drug overdose found in a bedroom
all these other kind of things that's
something I'm going to investigate as I
go along
okay here's Pataki that was Dorothy's
boyfriend that I told you about one
quick thing about him because I want to
move on a bit until recently I couldn't
quite figure out how Pataki ended up
involved in Dorothy's death whether he
actually gave her the barbituates or set
it up or whatever and these things
happen when you're researching I found a
casino a casino gambling boss in Las
Vegas who told me about the Mafia in
Vegas and all of that and then just by
chance while at the end the interview
asked about Dorothy he knew who Dorothy
was and all of that and I said by the
way how about Ron Pataki said well sure
I know about him I said oh you do he
said yeah we knew when Dorothy died the
Pataki was around there because as I
understand it Pataki had gotten himself
in some trouble with the wrong people
and those wrong wrong people were
pressurizing him and then they knew that
Dorothy Kilgallen was his girlfriend
basically at the time and they made a
deal you tell us what Dorothy's going to
put in that book for Random House and if
you do we'll get you out of that trouble
well we think that's what happened right
now because what this gentleman said to
me gave me a chill when he told me he
said Pataki told the wrong people the
people in the underworld whoever they
were marcelo anybody whoever that way
the FBI guys whatever it was that
Dorothy was going to connect which we
believe he already had marcelo oswald
ruby and that she was going to show how
that whole thing was orchestrated with
bringing Melvin belli indice to
silencing Jack Ruby at trial and he said
to me when Pataki gave that information
out his his words Dorothy was dead
Dorothy was dead all right so
I decided to see if I couldn't get the
New York District Attorney's Office to
investigate Dorothy's death and I got
them to they did a kind of a told me
they were going to do quite a thorough
investigation of her death what they
really didn't and though those details
are in the book as far as how far they
went and why they didn't go further and
all of that I also tried to do other
things at that particular point to see
if I could get find that file of
Dorothy's by looking into the FBI files
and all of that but then something
happened that really made a lot of
difference and I want to be able to
recognize somebody in the audience
because that particular person in my
opinion is a hero I don't exactly
remember when it was but I got a
telephone call from a man named Greg
Mullenix who was a lawyer in Fresno
California he said he bought the
reporter who knew too much or audio tape
of it in the afternoon and read it by
the time he went to bed and he had a
gift for me and I said well what's that
and he said I have a copy of the Jack
Ruby trial transcripts that's Greg right
there he deserves a hand and I'll tell
you why I'll tell you why I missed them
all of these authors of these books that
I'm going to talk about in a minute they
missed him I think we all felt like that
you know Oswald or Hoover had brenway
brainwashed us all that the Ruby trial
transcripts were probably about what the
insanity defense and all of that and so
nobody took a took time to even look at
them at all well Greg was nice enough to
trust me with him 2,000 pages there I am
with those this stack took me two weeks
to go through them two weeks we would
not have the Jack Ruby trial transcripts
if Greg had not brought them along and
I'm so appreciative of him trusting me
with them so what did I do
I went through there and I will hope you
will be as shocked as I was here's the
cover page you can take a look at it I
embedded the Ruby trial transcript
excerpts in denial of justice so you can
read them I didn't want anybody saying
that I made up this stuff or
whatever so four things stuck out at me
right away
now remember this is the foundation that
we should have had for looking at the
JFK assassination this is where you
start here's here's the transcripts
right here this is the Bible the Bible
for the JFK assassination sworn
testimony by witnesses who have no
reason to lie who were there who saw
everything this is this is the truth and
yet those people who knew about it and
I'll give you an example a little bit
later or those people who didn't know
about it we should have found it some
way or another long before Greg did but
we didn't and so we miss things and when
I went through there I couldn't believe
it I was just shocked I'm sure my wife
will tell you I screamed a couple times
first of all Jack Ruby according to two
witnesses Don Campbell and John Newman
at the Dallas Morning News said that
Ruby came there shortly before JFK was
killed and stayed through when he died
at 12:00 when he was shot at 12:30 and
along with others looked out at the
window in the Dallas Morning News down
the street toward Daley Plaza as the
assassination was happening he was
watching the assassination which means
he must have known that it was going to
take place you know Dorothy Kilgallen
heard that testimony and she always
looked at little things for instance she
never believed ruby was telling the
truth do you remember anything about him
telling everybody that after the after
the assassination at the Dallas Morning
News he was on a twist board he was
trying to sell this twist board to the
employees there what she didn't buy that
if he was supposedly so upset about
JFK's death and everything he wouldn't
do that Dorothy Kilgallen looked at the
little things but remember she's sitting
in the front row at front row listening
and watching this testimony and she
hears Campbell and Newman say that Jack
Ruby was watching the assassination as
it took place all right here's the one
that
really hit me though Jack Ruby what'd he
say well I just happened to be by the
Dallas Police Department basement right
I just happened to go down there and
they just happen to bring Oswald on and
I just happened to shoot and well if you
if you believe that do you know come on
but people have for years and years and
years and years Ruby trial transcript in
the page the conversation was about this
man named hallmark who owned the parking
lot across from Jack Ruby's carousel
club on Saturday before ruby shot Oswald
he came over and asked to use the
payphone hallmark stands there as he's
using the payphone and he listens and
here's what he said did Ruby say
anything with reference to whether or
not concerning whether or not he would
be there and not when Oswald was
transferred did he say anything on that
he told every he told whoever he was
talking to that he would be there he
would be there yes
stalking Oswald no question about it he
would be there it wasn't happenstance
that he ended up there and then in the
Ruby trial transcripts it talks about
Ruby make he made like a reporter he
told a witness he made like a reporter
to get into the news conference for
Oswald in the police headquarters and
then get into the basement and then he
used his friends from the Dallas Police
Department to get into the basement as
all as well I hate hate the word
conspiracy there's no conspiracy in this
case it's a plot to kill the president
and this proves it
it's always been in there and we all
missed it Greg found these things and I
published them so I've been looking for
information where I could corroborate a
little bit of this the one thing about
Ruby and the cops and today I heard more
information about that I found Ruby
Dorothy had written a column claimed
Dallas cops lived it up at Ruby's place
and she does this column many New
Yorkers who worked in nightclubs
operated by Jack Ruby and Alice say they
weren't a bit surprised at the
revelation in Ruby and the local police
were chummy so to me he would
allowed to hit they were allowed to hang
around he was allowed to hang around
headquarters when they were questioning
Oswald Oswald the performers fiddled
vividly recalled jam sessions at which
Dallas cop join in the fun some playing
musical instruments others doing turns
of singers and comedian at the Carousel
Club they also report that the town's
police made Ruby's place their late late
hangout enjoying parties with the
strippers and their men friends after
the official closing time Dorothy found
that that's what she did she found those
facts watch the assassination would be
there when Oswald was going to be
transferred made like a reporter if you
if you hear about Ruby at the press
confident that he's holding a notebook
and a pencil
he didn't just happen to get down there
he was part of the plan part of the plan
Oswald was captured Oswald's a loose end
you get rid of Oswald by Ruby and then
you shut up Ruby with Melvin belli
that's what Ruby found her Dorothy found
out now I have some disturbing news for
you some news that is disturbing to me
and I hope it will be to you I hope
you'll all agree this is primary source
information Dorothy Kilgallen columns
and now we have the Jack Ruby trial
transcripts that's important material I
hope you'll agree I assume you'll agree
also that this kind of material should
be must be a part of the sixth floor
Museum at Daley Plaza that's where it
should be right as part of the story as
the other side of the story
Oswald alone all this so people teachers
children researchers can go into the JFK
museum at Daley Plaza and look at all
this material perhaps that hard copy of
the Ruby trial transcripts and all of
that and then make up their own mind
about what happened wouldn't you agree
that makes sense none of it's there I
happen to be there myself today it's not
there why isn't it there I had a
personal experience with the museum this
summer I offer to give them
more than a hundred documents videotapes
books everything about Dorothy Kilgallen
as well as a hard copy of the Jack Ruby
trial transcripts and this was a
rollercoaster ride until I realized what
was going on I don't know how many of
you have been to the museum but if you
go there I think you'll get the same
feeling that most people do that it's
completely almost completely focused on
Oswald alone I saw that today all the
exhibits about him all of this kind of
thing there's only two and I wrote down
the the two quotes about Ruby that I'll
tell you about otherwise it's all eyes
wallet alone stuff it's all Warren
Commission stuff yeah they put up some
conspiracy theories but they're so
absurd that they make no sense
whatsoever remember the name of the
museum sixth floor Museum at Daley Plaza
it points you directly at Oswald so I
was going to give him all this material
from Dorothy remember that's adverse
isn't it to the Oswald alone theory the
Ruby trial transcripts that are adverse
to the to the Oswald alone theory first
they love the idea then they said the
documents weren't originals so they
wouldn't take them so I wrote a long
email and said you're not gonna get
originals of these things they're
authentic and they're accurate and
that's what you say you're after on your
website so they came back and said okay
yeah I guess that's all right and
everything in the meantime I sent them
that material so they could look at it
and make sure that they understood how
important it was so then they came back
to me and they said look we're gonna
send you an agreement so this is the
agreement they sent me well I'm just
gonna to summarize it it's an impossible
agreement no person like me could ever
sign it and this is the first indication
really that I got that they didn't want
this maybe the second I had they
demanded that I give them all the
copyrights to my books all the
copyrights to books that I hadn't even
written about Kilgallon they had the
opportunity to reproduce the books make
derivative works distribute the books by
sale or other means perform the work
publicly display the work publicly and
use sound recordings of the digital
audio transmission they also could give
me no guarantee that they would exhibit
my material that they would keep it they
could destroy it if they wanted to that
was the agreement that they sent me
signed by their CEO and by Stephen Fagan
the curator and Lyndsey Richardson the
assistant or whatever curator why would
you send somebody who's giving you
something for nothing important
historical documents about the JFK
assassination why would you send an an
impossible agreement well I jumped out
of my shoes and I got upset and
everything else like that and I told him
I couldn't possibly do that and so then
as I'm more suspicious about the fact
that they really don't want these things
and can I trust them with him they say
they're gonna send me another agreement
month or so goes by and then they tell
me they're going back to their copyright
person before they can send it I'd had
enough I couldn't trust them these are
historical documents I couldn't trust
them and I was told by several
colleagues mark if you give them to them
they'll throw them away they'll destroy
them I want them to be part of the of
the exhibits and all of that I also
asked them to speak at one of their
programs about the Ruby trial
transcripts the most important JFK
assassination documents in history do
you think they'd let would let me do
that absolutely not
now you're trying to think in your own
mind why why why would they do this the
museum is only alive because of the
Oswald alone theory everything they have
in there it's it's they lose their
relevancy if you were to put in an
exhibit the Jack Ruby trial transcripts
and even the four excerpts that I told
you about that blunts everything about
an Oswald alone theory if you put
Dorothy's research in there and put in
her columns or some of the things that
I've found through that it's it's just
gonna blow away those things that's why
they can't take those things
they can't take the donation that I had
for instance today when I was down there
Greg and his wife were there with my
wife and I we went around and everything
there was this there are two comments
about Ruby a Chicago native known for
his temper and heretic behavior behavior
Ruby had childhood ties to organized
crime
although mob related conspiracy theories
evidence suggests that he acted alone
his motives remain in doubt they know
that's not a true statement because they
know about the Jack Ruby trial
transcripts in fact Greg at one point
they offered to give him give them the
transcripts they said they had some but
they weren't in good condition so he
gave them to him and what did they do
they didn't put him in an exhibit or
anything else they just put him in their
files they knew they knew about what was
in the Ruby trial transcripts and they
weren't about to do anything with it and
then mr. Feigin who's now the curator
assistant curator Fagin about why more
questions than answers about why Ruby
shot Oswald very difficult to know
because we really don't know what was
going through Jack Ruby's mind when he
pulled the trigger Ruby said it to be
said he did it because of his love for
President Kennedy in part also despair
mrs. Kennedy from coming back to Dallas
to testify at a trial but then who those
who knew Ruby well he doesn't tell who
these people are his friends and
co-workers they suggest something
different they say that Ruby's simply
wanted to be a hero and thought he might
receive a medal for shooting the
assassination the president they
envisioned him standing at the door of
his nightclub the carousel club on
Commerce as the man who shot the man who
shot the president you look at the Jack
Ruby trial transcripts you look at
Dorothy Kilgallen
columns you look at all of that this is
Boulder - and I just wanted to scream
today as I watched young children and
older children walk into that museum
with their instructors and see that junk
one side of the story and walk out of
there some way or another thinking that
one person killed the president United
States to that extent I finally filed a
complaint with the Attorney General of
this state and I said that under the
deceptive practices act if the look if
the museum wants to include certain
things in its collection it can do that
but it can't go out and say as it does
we are the authority on the
assassinations we have everything you'll
want to see they send out material with
advertising saying that come to us we
want to show you everything the truth
about the assassinations the truth isn't
there and now we know for sure that
they're deceiving because they won't let
the trial transcripts see the light of
day or dhothi Dorothy's research I'm
still waiting to hear from the Attorney
General whether they'll look into this
or not and you know there's
repercussions from this a lot of
repercussions and what are they well
they are the fact that researchers
children whoever it may be through the
years haven't known the truth it's
interesting to note that this these
books that have been written about the
JFK assassination okay JFK and the
unspeakable james douglas the kennedy
half century Larry J sabato moment of
madness by Elmer Gertz written a long
time ago even Dallas 1963 that talks
about Dealey Plaza and other things the
two worst offenders case closed by
Gerald Posner junk reclaiming history
this is the worst one by Vincent
Bugliosi the Manson prosecutor a
thousand pages I knew Vince when I found
out about Dorothy's research and the
fact that she'd interviewed Jack Ruby
and she was there and she did all this
and the columns I sent him everything he
said yeah mark I'll include that in the
book you think it's in here absolutely
not it's not in any of those books about
the trial transcripts or Dorothy
Kilgallen
research and here's the worst one
this damn Warren Report trash those
books I mean I can't even believe I'm
saying they ought to be burned because
they continue to perpetuate these
untruths and we can't have that this is
history
people say well who gives a damn about
Dorothy Kilgallen dying 50 years ago
well I do and you should too
we want to know the truth she gave up
her life for her country trying to find
the truth people have called her a
patriot two gentlemen go to her grave
every week in New York and put flowers
there she is revered by everybody that
knows about her and she can't get a date
at the JFK Museum there are other
examples I could give you of the
behavior by the museum but I'm gonna
leave you with this and then we'll get
on to Dorothy and summing up some things
there I got this flyer not too long ago
okay and this is another deceptive
practice if you could show the flyer
this came through email museum don't
email the sixth floor Museum at Daley
Plaza it's giving day on September 19th
and I look down through here and I want
to throw up because here's the last
sentence help us give all North Texas
the chance to visit this Dallas historic
landmark that changed the world
arrogance the landmark didn't change the
world what changed the world the killing
of JFK the senseless death of President
John F Kennedy and they send this out to
people
don't they have any shame and I've let
Fagin and everybody at the museum know I
sent him a copy of my letter that I sent
to the Attorney General and what have
they done boy they're really scared I'll
tell you they're scared to death to the
effect that if you'll go on to the
museum reaction to the fact that they
know the Attorney General is on the job
now what could they do I've offered to
meet with him I've already talked to him
about
the donation again I've offered to speak
at their programs somebody speak about
the Ruby trial transcripts I don't give
a damn who it is if it's not me and what
do they decide next week's the
anniversary of the JFK assassination
what are the main two programs they have
the last day of Lee Harvey Oswald a
conversation with Ruth Payne toward and
the other one toward a psychological
understanding of Lee Oswald
just crazy just crazy stuff and as I
said the museum damages to history how
many young people have written essays
about this for for when they get back to
school how many teachers bringing those
kids in today and I just wanted to say
wait a minute there's more to this
please please there's more to this so
what do we do now well I'm hoping that
perhaps with this this presentation I
can warn people out there be very
careful taking people to the museum
unless they clean up their act or close
their doors one way or another which
might be the best thing to do because
they're not telling the whole story and
people are being duped by it every day
and paying their money you know I feel
like I've tried to have a contribution
to history here myself I've been very
fortunate through Gregg and through
others to find information I don't know
why I got involved in this in the
beginning I don't maybe Dorothy chose me
or whatever but I'm a man of the truth
like she was I've tried to be Dorothy's
voice I've tried to tell people educate
them about what happened here all right
and I'm gonna keep fighting when
government agencies and other people and
authors and the museum and others try to
close her mouth they did it in 1965 and
it's not going to happen again the real
tragedy here is that this woman died at
52 years old 52 years old she died and
that her mouth was shut she couldn't
write anymore she couldn't do anything
she couldn't live a life that we would
hope a woman like that could I want to
close by showing you maybe you'll
remember that at the time there was a
famous program or a pop
program called Edward Armero
person-to-person and again I would say
to you go into the Dorothy Kilgallen
story org you can remember that you'll
see all the videos you'll see all the
photographs of her you'll see her
columns you can read all that yourself
and make up your mind the Ruby trial
transcripts I posted those on my website
mark Shaw books calm you can go read
those spread the word spread the word to
young people especially about this but
here is the woman that they killed my
line playing the game and I love our
morning radio program too but I think
that I would have to settle for my first
love and my true love the newspaper
business
it still has me and always will I think
I hope well god bless you Dorothy thank
you very much
[Applause]
questions/comments protest this is a
library you can say what you want any
questions yes sir do you believe that
Carrie Kumar is the son of Johnny ray
and also did you ever were you ever able
to speak with Carrie Kumar well I think
the mark Sinclair says in a video that
Dorothy told him that Carrie was Johnny
Ray's son the photographs of Carrie at a
young age show that golden hair I don't
think there's any question about that
people ask me all the time about the
three grown children well I could never
get them to cooperate too much with what
I was doing they didn't stand up for
Dorothy when she died recently I've
tried to do a couple things that I
thought might help with that I actually
sent Carrie kamar daiba
day before lat two days ago books my
books about Dorothy that the museum
didn't want
Dorothy's books she wrote a book called
murder one and a book when she traveled
around the world in a race I sent him
the Good Housekeeping magazine
I sent him all kinds of things because I
thought he ought to have them and so I
did that people say why didn't they
cooperate they don't have very good
memories of what happened in 1965 and
beyond Dorothy was worried about Carrie
because she didn't think Richard would
take care of them well she was right
when Dorothy died Carrie went to live
with Jill and then came back to live
with Richard and he threw him out of the
house I think it's three or four years
later Richard committed suicide so they
don't have great memories of what
happened back then and recently I had to
make a choice to go forward with
something I felt could bring the truth
to Dorothy but to do it I would have had
to have probably gotten the children
into a court of law and if I had done
that yeah I thought it would be too
embarrassing for them I thought it would
have been especially tough for Carrie
Dorothy just adored Carrie read this
article you'll see and she changed her
will so that he would get an additional
amount of money in the will that will
was never found by the way we think
Richard threw it away
so I'm still hopeful at some particular
point they might help with an
investigation I don't know if they think
their father killed their mother I think
they believe that Ron Pataki obviously
was involved in Dorothy's death but they
also know about her obsession with the
JFK assassination and you see back then
what they all thought the two interviews
you saw with the hairdresser's this was
quite kind of amazing those are in tooth
and mm they waited that long to say
anything about Dorothy's death they
never cooperated with anybody and you
know why because he said they're still
scared and I have had people including
Dorothy's second cousins in Arizona who
would only talk to a friend and not talk
to me because they were scared they said
we don't want to lose one more family
member now this is 40 or 50 years later
but they're still worried out there
because all of them knew that what
happened to Dorothy she was killed and
who was she killed by the same people
who killed JFK the powerful people
Hoover Marcello whoever else that may
have been so I hope that answers your
question I hope it at some particular
point you know I've never heard from
them so I don't know if they're
appreciative of what I've done or not I
hope they are because thousands of
people around the world I've heard about
Dorothy and hopefully you know she's
gotten her reputation back yes sir you
talk about Marcello and he's kind of not
very far down the the the beaten path I
don't know if you know Jeanie Carmen was
do you I do not really I did not I'm
afraid not okay well Jeannie was one of
Marilyn's best friends all right
and her children published a book
posthumously that said that Johnny
Roselli indicated that Marilyn was
killed by Marcellus people and that it
wasn't the first time that he'd done
that sort of thing
no no I don't think if you don't mind I
don't think it would be the first time
he was a ruthless guy his is a
billion-dollar empire in New Orleans
stretched to Dallas in fact I don't know
if any of you a good friend of mine out
here of eternity brothers Steve Dillon
went ahead and called my attention to an
article I don't know a a story on
Channel five I believe it was about
Campisi the Campisi David Campisi the
restaurants that you have here and the
fact that he has a relationship through
I believe it says what grandfather or
something
Joe Campisi well Joe Campisi and Joe
Sevilla where Carlos Marcello's
underlings in Dallas Joe Campisi
actually had dinner or Jack Ruby
actually had dinner and there's proof of
that at Joe Campisi's restaurant the
night before he shot Oswald and more
than that you know some of these things
it's hard to believe they didn't put
together way back then guess who the
first visitor was to Jack Ruby in jail
it was Joe Campisi
mafioso and they didn't link that in at
all they just missed all those things
because they were they didn't care they
had Oswald and that's what happened so
that was pretty interesting that way one
more question
Alice's about there was a handwritten
note on the autopsy report about co2
what the heck was co2 doing in her
bloodstream you know it's interesting
there are people and I want to answer
this as people around the world who
study the JFK assassination every aspect
of it every cent Ella of material that
they can find I have great respect for
them I'm not one that can do that I
don't know anything about that I don't
know anything about where the bullet was
or where the trees were anything else
like that
I'm a Dorothy Kilgallen follower Oh
Dorothy's autopsy what you said what was
there
I don't recall but it may have been in
there but we've never been able to
figure that out obviously if it was no
sorry excuse me for saying that but the
point is that people I respect anybody
point-of-view
let me
just give a shout-out to this library
they permit all kinds of points of view
about everything Tom keener and Jeff
Tim's what if they said to them what if
they tried to put on programs that only
favor one side or the other of things ok
they don't do that that's what libraries
are all about that's what we should be
about we should hear all sides of the
story and why that damn museum won't do
that is a tragedy
any other questions I'm cussing too much
aren't I ok money money 6 bill that's a
six million dollar operation down there
by the way in case you don't know that's
what they take in every year we will
cover all questions but I want to go
front to back so I do a lot of what yes
sir
one one quick one in your research have
you seen real honest complicity well if
I said I look emotive if you want to
look at motive you can't Farley go any
further than LBJ he'd probably benefit
benefited than everybody else the
problem with LBJ and again is is the
layers of you know he was involved in
urges and all these other people
nobody's been able to kind of get
through all those layers that's a
problem with Marilyn Monroe's death too
is you can't get it through all the
layers to who it was Dorothy's is much
easier that way so the answer is no but
boy if you look at motive some people
were talking about LBJ LBJ today and you
know the fact that obviously he could
have been involved there but I don't
think they've ever been able to you know
connect him as much as you would like to
see happen questions comments okay
I'm curious if you have any fear for
your life bringing this out well that
goes with the territory in what I do you
know I've written books about Mike
Tyson's trial that nobody liked I've
written books about to Jonathan Pollard
the spy then nobody liked my emails been
hacked my Facebook page has been hacked
I've gotten some nasty emails from
people but I will tell you more than
anything
I think I haven't worried about it too
much because again it goes with the
territory but for the most part it's
been overwhelming response from people
around the world who have just fallen in
love with Dorothea and I think because
that's happened they really haven't
wanted to go after me too much that way
the criticism that I've gotten some
people weren't happy that I told the
story about Kari being an illegitimate
child but I felt like that was part of
the Dorothy story because you know just
one quick I don't to keep you too long
but I'll tell you she got really scared
one time before she died she woke up one
morning and the New York newspaper we
couldn't find it and we don't know which
one it was but we knew do know it
happened there was a picture of Carrie
and I have a feeling this was a warning
to Dorothy
he was walking across running across
Central Park and the picture was in the
New York paper and it scared her to
death because she thought somebody was
following Dorothy or following Carrie
they were after her son to the extent
that and we confirm this because in a
What's My Line program right after that
it was right near Halloween
they laughed about it on the show
because she put Carrie in a limousine to
trick-or-treat and she was scared to
death of what happened there so you know
you never know what's going to offend
people but if you're if you're looking
for the truth you know with this
situation you people don't have to do
anything about it but if you want to
call the attorney general's office or
you want to send a letter there and say
hey look into this you can I think in
this day and age we too often let things
go by that bother us especially when
they're about the truth you know we've
lost some of that I think for some
reason yes sir thanks very interesting
talk and I remember that week in 63 very
well but there is something that that
Jack Ruby supposedly said that I think I
got it from there thirty years ago there
was a JFK assassination center at the
West End when I was a
your place to go in Dallas well is that
right yeah they had a lot of information
there but there's a there's a comment
that Jack Ruby made that take me to
Washington I will talk but if I stay in
Dallas I'm a dead man
I wonder if you ever heard that well
yeah I think it was part of that one
where he said you know I can't ever tell
what happened the truth and all that
kind of thing you know again remember
you know I'm not putting down people who
go for this Oswald thing but Ruby was
the key he was the key and Dorothy knew
that and that's why she focused so much
on him and you know exposed his Warren
Commission testimony and interviewed him
and nobody else did that she was she
really would felt like that he was the
key and everything so he may have made
those statements and everything else
like that but again you have to remember
nobody was listening nobody was
listening those columns are out there
she wait eight or ten columns basically
say in the Oswald alone Theory's baloney
and Ruby stood up outside there by a
railing if I remember in a courtroom and
said those things but nobody paid
attention why because Hoover was was you
know basically just brainwashing
everybody and and I'm sure you know why
and and some people have said to me well
the the the JFK museum down here is
doing this to protect Dallas because if
there's a plot to kill the president and
people in Dallas knew about it they
should have stopped it but if it's a
lone nut you see then nobody in Dallas
could do anything and that's the same
reason that Hoover did what he did what
he said because he couldn't be held
accountable if it's a lone nut all right
and so I think all of that has to do
with the fact that for whatever reason
nobody was listening way back then I
mean Joe Campisi was the first visitor
oh I'll tell you another one I don't
know if you remember who candy candy bar
was the stripper all right well candy
bar got in trouble for marijuana
possession do you remember this all
right well when I interviewed bill
Alexander I didn't realize Bill
Alexander prosecuted candy bar for that
marijuana possession in front of what
Judge Joe Brown the same judge okay and
who did candy bar who did Jack Ruby call
after he I think after got arrested or
whenever it was he talked to candy bar I
mean there's there's a whole part of
that that nobody ever even looked into
and who was candy bars fiancee at some
point do anybody have an idea who that
might be Mickey Cohen Bell eyes main
client and Bell I handled the appeal for
candy bar I mean there's a million ways
you can go with some of this but nobody
figured that out
there's not one newspaper story about
the fact that Mickey Cohen Bell eyes
client one of the one of the most
dangerous mobster zhh in the country
that he's connected to Bell I if you had
that then you connect Bell I too you
know and Bell I statements and
everything just didn't happen nobody was
listening and just one other thing a
friend of mine there's like thirty years
ago he passed away but mm-hmm
he knew Murray now Oz well real well and
it was a passion of his the whole thing
and he's actually he was actually quite
famous at the time in his own right is
the year he passed away he was on three
talk shows but he you know he sent from
Marina as well he maintained that Lee
Harvey Oswald wasn't what he wasn't the
primary guy and forget exactly how he
said if there's people that know them
better than I but we used to like
talking about that it wasn't you know
there was not leave however you are also
I also believe that yeah there's a
really good book I can't think of the
name of it but it basically this is an
eyewitness who was a kind of a drug
runner and other things in New Orleans
and it's his first-hand account of how
many times he saw Oswald with Marcello
at his office around there and all of
that I think it's pretty pretty
believable in terms of that connection
there but you see Dorothy didn't go with
that she she really looked at motive Joe
Kennedy double-crosses the mafia they
helped him win Illinois in Kenton and
West Virginia they win the election we
win the election we'll leave you alone I
have an eyewitness that I've
found a very revered newspaperman who
was right there when Joe Kennedy ordered
JFK to a point Bobby Attorney General
what does Bobby do he goes after those
people especially Marcello because he
hated Marcello and all of that and what
is Marcello
what is Marcella doing as November of
1963 comes around he is in it has a
trial in in New Orleans for racketeering
Bobby Kennedy helped orchestrate that
and he's about to be deported
well he's backs against the wall he's
got to do something he hates Bobby
Kennedy but he if he kills Bobby Kennedy
Jack Kennedy will come after him with
everything the government has but you
killed Jack Kennedy Bobby Kennedy is
powerless and I will tell you right now
you can look it up they never bothered
those guys again
now I think that makes common sense in
terms of what happened here and then you
bring bail I into it and all of that but
there's an awful lot of people who would
disagree with me yes sir did you come
across any evidence that Dorothy started
her book yes good good point I should
have brought that up
she showed she was working on it and she
had showed chapters to I don't know if
you know but Bennett Cerf who was on you
know with her on What's My Line he was a
publisher founder of Random House the
night before Dorothy died at the last
show he showed she showed him chapters
of that book we don't know what really
happened to that but three years later
the book murder one which is a
collectible item right now murder one
was published under Dorothy's name and
it was all about her trials and
everything else and in the excuse me and
the preface in the foreword to that book
there's material in there that looks
like it could have come from a book that
she was writing about the assassination
yeah is it possible that she's told
other people her suspicions or her
findings well people have asked me did
she have a copy of her
her file she should have had well back
then you didn't couldn't go down to
Kinkos or whatever so she couldn't do
that basically all you had was a carbon
but she was very closed mouth about it
the only people she talked to about it
were the two hairdressers and Ron Pataki
and we believe anyway that she didn't
really speak to anybody else about it
except to tell him what she was doing
she didn't give them a specific she just
told him you're gonna crack the case
wide open and all that which was
obviously an invitation to eliminate her
and then that's what they did yes sir
yes I'm not really sure exactly how to
put this but it won't matter please this
is kind of whatever assuming Oswald was
guilty and Ruby are guilty and all that
stuff why should you know Dorothy be
murdered I mean if she if all of the
thing if everything would exonerate them
is that the only reason you know well
yeah it's it's almost the same situation
you're in with the sixth floor museum
you can just about let anything into the
to the to the equation you can let
Dorothy's material in you can let my
material in research whatever it may be
all of that can be then considered along
with other the other evidence that
happens and you can discount that and
all in everything right you can do that
but you can't do it with the Ruby trial
transcripts and that's where Dorothy
watched this remember she's in the
courtroom she's listening well here's
another thing I always wondered wait a
minute the reason that they found Jack
Ruby guilty is because they didn't buy
the insanity defense because they didn't
you know the insanity defense right well
they didn't but they had heard also the
evidence of Ruby's actions before he
shot Oswald which were in the Ruby trial
transcripts and so the jurors had to
have said to themselves look he couldn't
have been crazy if he's watching the
assassination when it took place he if
he said he'd be there when it happened
if he snuck into the basement making
like a reporter I think we now know why
the jury decided what they decided so
you can get around any
you people can say I'm crazy or Dorothy
is or whatever but that's sworn
testimony and it's believable and if you
listen if you if you listen to it I
think you'll feel the same way so
Dorothy had that information that's what
made her lethal that's in my opinion
what made her lethal she was going to
publish some of the transcript material
that she'd heard and it would have
blasted away I like to say in the book
that I believe if she had done that J
Edgar Hoover would probably have been
indicted Marcella would have been
arrested they would have put all that
together and everything but nobody was
listening yes sir this is actually all
very enlightening I'm actually just here
for extra credit for class but coming
from basically someone who's really not
even interested in this entire subject
this is okay good and I'm sorry that
sounds very sorry it's actually very
enlightening you've definitely brought
light to this whole situation like
clearly there's something more going on
with the whole assassination like
there's like I truly believe there's no
way that it's just Oswald but then that
only raises more questions for me
and I'm just curious what your thoughts
are as to so since we've kind of more or
less cracked open that it's not a
one-man job do you believe that Oswald
is in fact the shooter as well I think
he had a part in this I think he had a
part in this certainly remember just
curry sent the sense everybody to the
overpass you know there are all these
other things that happened during that a
lot of confusion and all of that kind of
thing I just think it's it's unfortunate
that they just focused in on Oswald who
said he was a patsy but nobody was
listening and then stopped they just
basically stopped you know I read
something today oh I think it was at the
Museum as a matter of fact
it said that and I'm not sure I knew
this or maybe you will the assassination
of a president at the time was not a
federal crime it was a local crime
so just curry and his his or you know
his police department should have taken
over this whole thing well right away
what happened Hoover marched in took
over had all the documents sent to
Washington all these other kind that's
unfortunate because I think and just
curry has said if he could have had some
time with Oswald and his detectives and
everything he probably could have found
out what happened here but with Oswald
those who were involved in his
participation they couldn't let him live
I mean they couldn't do that
you got loose lips there and you got to
get rid of him
and you got the perfect guy to do it
there's Jack Ruby I want to be a big
star in the in the Mafia that's what he
wants and and you know there's a lots of
reasons why they would have been able to
recruit him but he was the perfect guy
to do that one of the reasons is this
common sense all the friendships with
the police I saw today where it said
that Jim Lovell you know the detective
that's holding on to Oswald in the in
the in the audio it says and Jim and Jim
Revell says yeah I saw Jack Ruby
standing there with a pistol in his hand
well obviously who that who it was right
and then and yet if you look at the
Warren Commission what they say oh
there's no evidence of Jack Ruby having
a friendships in the Dallas Police
Department come on yes yes sir oh you're
talking about a relationship there with
yes
uh now forgot what's gonna ask that's
what happens when you get older think
about it a minute all right all right
the instance where US will wag their car
the state Attorney General of Texas this
is what I was going to mention he had
actually had jurisdiction over the case
because it was a state crime and his his
state agency was investigating this
until it was shut down by LBJ and in his
investigation and I found this out
because when he retired he was a
graduate of Texas Tech and he donated
all his personal property in papers to
the southwestern collection at Texas
Tech University when they're all still
there and I went through the who is this
again that did this
Wagner car he was the state Attorney
General of Texas in 1963 and he his
investigation turned up the fact and
this is in his documents that's in the
collection at Texas Tech that Oswald was
a paid FBI informant they would see when
he was an informant number 179 and he
was being paid $200 a month by the
federal government now ironically when
zil was arrested at the Texas theater
and brought back the Dallas County
Sheriff when they were going through the
contents of his wallet they found a
receipt for a government voucher for
$200 what a coincidence no there's no
coincidences life that's fascinating and
that should have been followed through
some way or another I've never heard
that before I had no idea you know when
I said I was well it was a dead end I
shouldn't say that he's a confused man
you can't ever figure anything out there
you can't come up with any conclusions
because there's just all over the place
just like something like that that may
be the truth who knows Dorothy didn't
want to get involved in that she saw
ruby as the key and I do too yes sir mr.
Shaw let me thank you for coming and
also thank Alan library to put this
program together I'm just just
fascinating and it's an honor to be here
and thank you for giving us this
opportunity well it's my honor I
appreciate it very much thank you thank
you me and I will say you know I
wouldn't be here if if Tom and and and
Jeff you know didn't ask me to come and
they they knew what I was going to talk
about they didn't have to they would you
know feel like it's gonna be
controversial or whatever but that's
what this is all about you want to
present all sides of the equation and I
really appreciate that it's a wonderful
library thank you
this young man is not my student and but
I'm very glad that he's here for extra
credit yes as a statistic I have a
steady dish somehow I think my life has
been it's a mystery that how I end up
with JFK it just amazes me coming from
10,000 miles away in 78 I was like as
nano second away from Lee Harvey Oswald
murrini all of us oh and then for 12
years I worked in downtown when I was
teaching and passing by JFK
assassination that I guess so called X
which I think is morbid to let cars
drive by it but that's my opinion
yeah and I do agree with you on the
sixth floor museum I never took my
students there because I know it's just
absurd it doesn't have to be that way
either it doesn't have to be that way if
they'll be flexible about things and but
it's difficult for them to do how are
you gonna put the Ruby trial transcripts
in there and then keep you know they
could call it this sixth floor museum in
tribute to Lee Harvey Oswald if they
wanted to that's up to them but you
can't go out and promote it as the
landmark that changed the world or we're
educating people or we're the place
where you should come that's deception
to people who are paying their money and
the problem is of course they don't know
what they're missing because they don't
promote any of that they don't promote
anything that's not Pro Oswald alone so
all of those people that went there
today they say they have 400,000 people
come through there every year they come
there they don't know what they're
missing they don't know that the Ruby
trial transcripts
exist they don't know that Dorothy
Kilgallen material exists so they can
only you know watch and listen to what
is provided for them I I don't I don't
know how the the people at the Museum
look themselves in the mirror now this
way especially when they know about all
this material and won't permit it to be
in that Museum
one more thing I need to say because
this young man here he needs to
understand in 50s and 60s even up to
this point it's the Russians do it very
well I think the term if I translate it
correctly it's called a sparrow
it's named after that bird usually they
send a young handsome man or or a lady
in order to I guess extract information
from you recently they just didn't in
Iran as well - I guess undermine someone
that they think is dangerous
so I think George Pataki it doesn't
surprise me or Ron Patek sorry it
doesn't surprise me that why somebody
must have set him up with Dorothy for
that reason to extract information in a
romantic way you know the Russians are
perfect at it before I should also tell
you Ron Pataki still alive he's 84 lives
in Columbus Ohio I continue to pile up
information about him and what he did
and I'm gonna I'm gonna end up getting
him indicted at some particular point
because there's no question he had
something to do with Dorothy's death all
you have to do is look at those poems
for him to have had you know some part
in and whatever happened and I'm hoping
that if we can get him arrested at some
particular point or charged with a crime
that he will let us know what happened
back then by the way before we're going
to take three more questions but we have
on YouTube called Oswald's last call we
have two million hits you'd be one of
them
hello you mentioned a couple of facts I
find very interesting is one is after
the trial she went directly to New
Orleans right yeah yeah whatever
carlos marcello is that's right exactly
and you know again i think what the
problem we had is i wish you know that
she had written down and we had what
oslo what Ruby told her we don't have
that but as i said she didn't go
anywhere else except she went to new
orleans and that was where Marcella was
mm-hm and she had a scary experience
that's why she sent Mark Sinclair the
hairdresser back to New York and all of
that so we have to believe that whatever
Ruby said sent her there yeah that's a
very important point that I didn't know
about and also could you elaborate a
little bit more you said there were two
witnesses from the transcripts that
testified and that they saw Jack Ruby
watching the assassination what what
were the witnesses and what was their
background they were what I I have to go
back to my notes but one of them was I
think a circulation manager and the
other might been a Salesman or whatever
they testify that now you remember that
the time that JFK was killed was 12:30
Ruby showed up at 12 I think they say
12:40 or twelve thirty five one of the
other and apparently we were trying to
figure out how far away the Dallas
Morning News building was and it was
quite a number of blocks down from Daley
Plaza but if you were there you could
have seen into Daley Plaza how clearly
we don't know but they had a window in
the corner and the one man testifies
that Ruby got there I think at 12:25 or
12:30 or something and was there until
that guy left and the other guy then
testifies that he was there after that
and Ruby was there the entire time and
he was standing with everyone looking
out at Daley Plaza as the assassination
happened and from that testimony you get
the feeling that they realized that
obviously it wasn't by accident or
coincidence that he was there for that
you know he always said he was selling
advertising or whatever they don't
mention anything about that
I think they were just of the belief
that you know why was he there at that
particular time so that's their
testimony and I can give you the the
names I gave them to you before but I
can give them to you but they're in both
of my books thank you your talk about
Bobby Kennedy and Jagger Hoover do you
have a theory about Jimmy Hoffa I kidded
Gregg down here today that Jimmy Hoffa
may be buried in his backyard in Fresno
you know that's that's every time I
think of Jimmy Hoffa if you don't mind
my saying something you'll laugh at I
think of uber you know what I think of
uber because if Jimmy Hoffa would have
been alive when anybody started a
service like uber they would have been
killed with those Union people they
would have never put up with that at all
it would never at ubirr would not be
there today Hoffa is just a mystery now
there's some if you don't mind there's a
another little connection I'll tell you
about there was a lawyer in Florida
named Frank oregano and he passed away
but I was able to interview his wife
Nancy and he represented an interesting
triumphant if that's the word triumph or
whatever anyway Carlos Marcello Santo
Trafficante who is a gangster in Florida
and James Hoffa and bail I was a very
close friend of Oregano's and after the
Ruby trial
Nancy Reagan Oh told me she was with her
with with trafficante and and Bell eye
and they were around and everything and
one way or another then Rogan ohs said
to Trafficante well what about bail I
and Ruby and he said whatever you do
don't ask bail I about Jack Ruby which
men that somehow or another that was
connected in there and here's Hoffa in
that whole you know exercise too and
nobody hated Bobby Kennedy anymore
and James Hoffa as you know he tried to
strangle them once in Washington so that
whole connection in with Hoffa I really
looked into that at one particular point
in terms of him his active participation
in the JFK assassination and I really
couldn't find a connection there it was
much easier doing that with Marcelo and
Sam Giancana in Chicago yes sir I had a
question regarding about Mark Sinclair
who witnessed or found her body Dorothy
no police report or personal possessions
that were taken away being investigated
you're aware of that we talked to mark I
mean know if he if he was describing the
whole room was kind of odd yeah you
would think that he would say hey I this
is this is not she didn't kill herself
someone murdered her he left right away
he left right away after he found the
body scared to death he didn't want
anybody to talk to him or anything else
he didn't talk for 50 years and I will
tell you that with with Mark Sinclair I
hope that you looked at his you know now
this is information from a long time ago
right and I did not conduct those
interviews all right I know the people
that did they're very responsible but if
you will if you watch his watch Joe
Tannehill if you watch Charleston
Sinclair mark Sinclair and Charles
Simpson you kind of get a feeling that
it looks like they're telling the truth
a couple times words or they try to put
them in their mouths and they won't do
it I think they're they're very credible
in terms of what they said and they were
heartbroken when Dorothy died because
she was so close to them and everything
so those are the kind of witnesses that
I try to find yeah I didn't interview
them myself but I know who did and and I
think they're very credible yes hey Mark
how deep if you looked into the Santo
Trafficante end of that of that because
of the connection he had with more so I
think that's one of the most fascinating
mafioso in history a mild-mannered man
Frank Organo represented him and
you know really Nancy talked about what
kind of person he was that he was very
low level but he was a you know he had
people who could do bad things to others
she talks about on the day that JFK
assassination occurred that trafficante
I believe it's smart cell oh yeah
marcelo and she and she was a very young
woman at the time celebrated the death
of JFK at the I believe it's the
International Hotel in Miami
toasting JFK's death and who really
bothered Nancy to the point that she
left her relationship with with Regatta
for a while because they're really upset
her and gave her the feeling that they
obviously had something to do with JFK's
death well the reason the the reason I'm
saying looking at Santo Trafficante
um he hated Kennedy and had to do with
the Cuban Missile Crisis yes I think
that's harmed and she because he knows
and the whole thing right and supposedly
he admitted to his lawyer in 1987 for he
passed away that they killed the wrong
Kennedy they should have got Bobby not
John look into that angle because I'm
very very interested very very possible
again nobody like Bobby very well that's
for sure
that's for sure and who killed Bobby JFK
RFK jr. now thinks that Sirhan Sirhan
did not that it was the other guy in the
room who knows if I had to guess I'd
tell you that they couldn't let Bobby
Kennedy become president United States
the same people that killed JFK
they were about to let him become
president United States if I had to
really investigate that death and I'm
not going to but if I had to I'd start
with the same people who are involved
with killing JFK because they got rid of
Bobby right so they're powerless and
they're not going to go after him
anymore and now Bobby pops up again and
he may become president United States
you're gonna let him do that absolutely
not
was there somebody over here thought I
saw hand that was you okay
yes sir basically it was just a comment
that I never believed the stories as
they present them now about Kennedy's
death and there was used to be a radio
personality there used to say and now
for the other side of the story or the
other side of the page that's true yeah
well you just presented the other side
of the page for me to where I can I can
just say to myself I knew that wasn't
true it couldn't be it just never was
anything can be true and I don't stand
up here saying I'm right but you know
I've got to go along with Dorothy you
know she she loved JFK and it was a
senseless death they they should have
never killed JFK they should have killed
Bobby and JFK then was killed in at an
early age just like Dorothy was there's
two people that should have lived a long
time and unfortunately they both were
killed at her at early ages so yeah
there's the other side of the story but
there will be people who will hear what
I had to say as they have done I mean
I'm very blessed that with the two
presentations I've made on the reporter
who knew too much and denial of justice
there's more than a hundred thousand
hits now and so I feel good that people
at least have gotten that side of the
story they may not change their mind or
whatever I will tell you that I let okay
I'll just tell you this I wasn't going
to but I will tell you this I let the
media in Dallas know about my sending a
complaint to the Attorney General and I
asked them to look into it and that
includes a couple reporters with the
Dallas Morning News it includes man with
the the editor down at the Statesman
American in Austin I with all of them
and I also let a gentleman at not
haven't heard from any of them and then
I let a gentleman named Patrick Williams
know at the Dallas Observer
I had a conversation with him the other
day where the first thing he said is I'm
not gonna do it anything with this
because I I know it was it was Oswald
alone and why do I know because of case
closed
that's my case and I said we just
listened to me for a while and I gave
him pretty much some of the information
that you just heard I felt like I was
talking to a door knob he did not want
to hear any of that and he wasn't about
to look into any of this at all that's
his prerogative but as I said to him you
know it's really too bad that you don't
want to look into this it's too bad
you're not someone like Dorothy
Kilgallen I don't think he appreciated
that comment but I said it anyway you
know come on you're a newspaper person
follow up on this see what's gonna
happen when anything to do with it this
is his Bible not the Ruby trial
transcripts that's for sure yeah you've
been instrumental in trying to get the
DA's office in New York City to reopen
the investigation he had to can you tell
everyone about your efforts in that
regard
complete failure how's that here's what
happened
50-plus year old murder case right all
right so the reporter who knew too much
came out in 2017 and I wrote a long
letter to Cyrus Vance Jr who you may
have heard of I've gotten some bad
publicity with regard to dealing with
the leader of our country DEA in New
York City saying this long letter and I
said hey and I say name the reporter
knew too much and the agent and other
people of my wife even I think thought I
was crazy they'll never look into a
murder case like this and lo and behold
the next thing I knew he told Sue
Adelman at the New York Post yeah we're
gonna look into this and I was as happy
as I could be and they promised a
thorough investigation so for the next
few months they gave me a former
homicide detective named Richard Ramos
as my point person
I sent him material through the email of
witnesses
documents evidence report the autopsy I
sent him everything that way and then we
agreed to meet in New York City I think
was June the 4th of 2018 at the DA's
headquarters downtown he was so excited
I normally handle embezzlement cases he
said my dad is so excited he started
watching more what's my line I mean I
mean this is just something I can't
believe I got this case he was so
excited and by the way after looking at
your book I wonder if Ron Pataki didn't
sell Dorothy secrets to the wrong people
I walked out of there floating on air
I'm going to get my thorough
investigation so a couple months go by
and they let me know Ramos does that
they're going to give me an update I
answer the phone and I'm expecting some
good news or an update and this Eugene
Hurley who was the assistant district
attorney assigned of the case comes on
the phone and I knew right away there
was a problem and he said mr. Shaw I'm
sorry we've looked into this we can't
find any harm that came to Dorothy I
said well what about the stage destiny
no we can't can't find anything there
how about Ron Pataki all the evidence
that I gave you how about the 22
witnesses I gave you and then he finally
said got aggravate he said mr. Shaw I'm
not going to argue with you besides we
don't know who did it
that's what he said wasn't that so I
went ahead and I wrote another letter to
him to Vance and I said here's what he
said and all of that I put that in the
denial of justice book I appealed it I
filed a Freedom of Information Act I did
everything I possibly could and they
would never come back to investigating I
then went to the Attorney General of the
state of New York and tried to get them
to look into it and they didn't and so
now I've come up with another angle that
I think might work because I'm not going
to give up on it but it really was
disturbing because you know she still
hasn't gotten that full investigation
that I want that's all I ask
he is for them to do a thorough
investigation of her death and I don't
know if that's going to happen but I'm
keep trying
you